an intense match I do not know if the truth
we could have the ball a lot of the
match and run easier
we are happy because there are some
well, when we do not have the
opportunity and we try to show now
to think in Spanish union by result
final
but hey, I knew we're doing
following missing a couple of results
everything suggests that a school with
Spanish union six rival points very
difficult we know that the cup
liberators are the best of each
country so to be happy
First you have to try to play the
party to talk about why we take a
victory of the parties that did not come
playing minutes add that of course
we out there do not come with so much
continuity makes us play well
we feel alive back
and thank God we could do it well and
I do not win is half the pressure
that you put these songs in, I'm
for that kind of goal-making I think what
important that he has the blue shirt and
yellow the goal inside or whoever is
today it touched me it makes me very happy and
working June let's go let's go to
do the best until June and after
still containing content first by
the triumph first of all than for the
team for the people who came to the
field we know that it arrived with equipment
great you have to win always like this
that people also happy
because it played and luckily we could
at some point we had situations
seize the time but well we know
that we have to look for the whole game
We knew that it was hard as they played it
there too that if we could not do it
luckily after the balls came in
we had and very good there are few
results but everything would indicate that mouth
would play the Spanish union if we know
to play in the best way seriously
and try to win the matches for
keep going is easy looking
staff like this one chose cali
I just have to play enough
matches followed yes thank you god
comes trying for them hard for me
for a match
they are alternating a building but
always deals with the practices of being
well train yes but now very
happy we come inferior
it costs more and good must
take advantage of the possibilities when the
freedom is different if obvious the
liberators is the greatest thing that has
so we have to act us and
well very happy for today was my debut
in cup liberators had nerves
I think the game was at first
anticipated that we could not convert but
we always handle it once
came in the ball became easier back
how did you see the team well I think that
we press it as high as possible
and when the goal came I killed him people
it was all easier I imagine that as
photo of that shirt is going to be a
little box
let's see if that has to be saved
side of a mouth fan